can't go in it like the soul okay so
look you I was I was like I was thinking
about yesterday I was feeling so hot in
soloqueue because how bad it is what's
the first day of rift rivals with covers
presented by Omni slash talked a little
bit about what's going on I'm gonna meet
up with perks here Perks you're back in
North America actually have you played
in North America before I'm not being in
LA before I've been San Francisco like
two years ago and I mean this is really
nice I really like LA and it's a bit hot
right now
yeah so but yeah I'm happy that back the
NF fans welcomed us and that we care to
play here in the studio which is like
quite insane not saying the u1 is bad of
course and I mean this one is quite good
the stuff have you have you been able to
do anything other than scream we scream
quite a bit but I got to go like went to
Venice Beach and walked like some
Monica's beer yesterday with some of the
TSA members I met a lot with Mitte and
get to try some food places went a
couple of restaurants
I planned to like go sightseeing on
Sunday
like after we are done I would like to
go see like Griffith Observatory maybe
like some of the museum or something
just so I won't like see Ron a bit I
like the we like the weather and so it's
it's nice here all right you brought up
methey did you see my interview with
methey from this week as I saw the I saw
the engineering we do that he said that
you've been talking a lot of this
is what he said I mean I do talk a
little today yeah so what what have
you been saying to methey about North
America or what have you been saying to
methey was it it was it about rebels was
it like yeah we're gonna stomp in a rift
rival or is it about like Matthew being
on TSM like what is it that you're
saying to him I mean like usually like
before it was always like kind of like a
jerk each other off in terms of like if
you're so good or like or even
everything OVR you're just insane so I
was always something like having seen em
and he will always tell me how insane
he's but since he got 66 plays in else
here so he can't really tell me how
insane
anymore secondly tell me how boosted his
and I tell him like how bad he is
actually like I said he's reckoned like
he just just makes me like cry inside
like I can play better recovery him you
know so so I was basically just telling
like having say am i how many say my
team is and I were gonna like smash the
regional he's in because yeah that's
basically what I was saying but like
there was like supposedly private
information you know like themes on
Facebook etc but right now I kind of
revealed the most of the information
which like so it's not that private
anymore you know you took it out there
you guys had these secret conversations
and you just aired all that laundry well
you just won so I can't say anything
about North America right now because
you just you just beat us as you as you
said what do you think about North
America after playing that game I mean
this game was really disappointing bass
and usually I mean from watching an LCS
and it teams are not very good at
playing final struts so I think they
played pretty well I mean not really
well since they lost right but I think
Levi isn't like mechanically very well
and that's very well on the grace so he
kind of like was like carrying them and
also there was like points where I was
running it down Janka storming it down
everyone from a team I think besides
wounded was like running it down at some
point so the game was a lot harder
because we made a little harder it's not
like they were doing really many proc to
place and I expected us to win like
inside 2530 minutes but we wanted like
40 minutes so that's kind of
disappointing and we need to like mean
make it Meg against more clean for the
next couple of games or like we might
end up like losing actually so that's
not what I want how much value and an
effort are you putting into rift rivals
because there's a chance here that you
like try really hard show some of your
strats or whatever that can be bad for
your progress in Europe and can I get to
get you scoot over yeah yeah so last
year we kind of had a really like
because a meeting we had really bad
mindset towards if I was I think like oh
just whatever tournament it's you versus
na like it's so useless I mean a
tournament itself is not very serious
but we came here to win or like to play
get to play goo we got to practice
against American teams to like measure
our
strengths individually and as a team we
get to practice some new champions it's
over a good tournament for us we don't
really want to like Smurf with Bunnell
because we don't gain much by it
we only maybe teach American themes how
to play it and we check out the free
beans that we get in you already
so this tournament is not as important
as it is in Europe of course it's more
like we get to practice like new stuff
against any teams and just see how good
they are like in standard meta rights so
it's yeah so you your impression from
watching na LCS was that all the teams
who are not very good especially a
finals but after screaming a lot of the
teams because I understand that a lot of
the EU teams are screaming not just the
rift rivals teams but also other na
teams what do you think of the teams in
North America oh I don't know what it is
but I don't like right I always actually
for the last like year and a half or
something I thought anything was quite
good alright now when I watch them I
don't think they are very good and from
screaming as well thing they're very
good here and I think technically is a
good team but I think that like like
like creativity in draft and maybe in
game as well but we didn't scream TSM
yet we will scream them soon so I want
to see how TSM does I want to like smash
anonymity of course you know it screams
even in screams it's fine
so yeah I don't know what it is I think
maybe just they're lacking creativity
and now would say you players have a lot
better mechanics not all but like when
we spur against misfits or fnatic in
streams they are really really good and
we get to like practice against them
right excuse me she's leaning and team
fighting but in na it seems like not
very few players around on top of the
mechanical level that you would see like
in you from from my point of view right
so I don't know why is that I I was
trying to think it could be it has to
have something for sure with playing on
60 ping because it's really hard to like
practice your reactions or like you're
some like skirmishes on six tipping like
for me in soloqueue at least like when
I'm playing like assassin or something
it's it's not very hard it's not very
easy to do it in 60 ping right so having
like tripping actually like it's a huge
deal
that's why maybe the reason like why in
a place a little like both champs like
right what I mean like brand and I could
seems like we like low skill shots and
it's hard to like I mean I don't know
I'm trying to figure out right but there
must be something you know that
influences this and yeah do you think it
might be the soloqueue situation because
a lot of people feel like na na players
in soloqueue do not try as hard they
don't try to win and that could
potentially hold us back that's like
mixture of ping with that for sure like
I think any silica is like really
horrible and I don't know how to fix it
because there is a low like one tricks
and a lot of people who play for fun
although streamers to play for fun and
int and and that makes me the like
hyping makes pro players as well thing
like oh I'm gonna play in a solo
cute I'm just gonna run it down or I'm
gonna play punch amp or I'm not gonna
try hard I can't take it serious so I
think so he is like a really really big
part like that then there's no other
reason why any players would not be as
good as you maybe like you players to
practice more because I was like nice
weather and good food I think that could
be one of the reasons as well I I
definitely don't think it's that I try
to hang out with these guys in there the
triple block all the time so it's just
really I think they're all practicing a
lot so maybe it is those things I don't
know maybe maybe you guys just have more
players that's an awesome thing I've
heard is that there's a yeah reasons you
know would you ever come into North
America because a lot of your colleagues
have in the past well it's like I don't
know riding as a right now no for sure
like next like right now I know myself
for now and this year probably like I
would say for sure no but maybe I know
how much I have changed in the last two
years two years I've been a pro so maybe
I don't think differently in the future
it's really hard to tell right now so
it's definitely tempting to see like LA
and I don't know I just it's it's it's
really tempting like it is something but
it kind of from my feeling I get and on
in this one week I'm like less I'm like
I'm here it's like it makes me feel more
lazy because the food is really good and
there's like
very good American pancakes yeah but I
don't know it's like just makes me feel
more lazy like I really like the way I
live in you right now like I do gym and
health and healthy lifestyle kind of
some kind of you know and I have like
one week one day off you know where I
can eat like waffles for something so
and I like EU players I have friends
there and we hang out and it's close to
my home as well there's like a lot of
reasons why I want to be in you but na
is for sure time thing you know well
that's right now my goal is to have
really good players on the team and I
think it's not impossible but it's
really hard to have like five very good
player like let's say three American
good players on one team because they're
kind of split across the teams and then
mixed with so look like actually I take
it although I can't go in it like the
sole okay so look you I was I was like I
was thinking about yesterday I was
feeling so hot in soloqueue because how
bad it is and maybe in two years I'm
gonna play so look it all because I mean
you can eat healthy here
the food is really good that's all
that's all I mean yeah it's true
I think the solo queue is it off yeah
the solo queue the solo queue we have
even more because you even said you have
a lot of European friends at you LCS a
lot of them are coming over here so you
could just seem to have all those
friends by next year or the year after
they're all gonna be here alright well
there goes my hopes of I you know this
interview was so much talking in a
I hoped at the end I could just be like
you just be sitting there like yes but
still maybe I'll leave EU LCS and then
they na fans would have something to
meme on but unfortunately our solo queue
is just too bad alright is there
anything that you want to say to any of
the fans out there well this is like
mostly for I guess and FM bass right I
would like to thank all of you guys for
supporting us like I know we came here
like really all these things came here
like really cocky you know to take over
a name but last time we lost so this
time like need to come here and like
conquer this arena you know and we need
to like come home victors otherwise like
the flight there is like kind of for
pointless right you know so we just
gonna have to come here and on your
teams and see I'd rosin I guess so you
start you start that off by saying I
want to say thank you guys to being so
nice to me and I'm here it's just I
don't know if I don't think you
understand how this works like kidding
this is not how you get fans now I
understand why GG anyway thank you so
much Burks wherever else you can check
out the rest of my coverage of all
things eSports right here on my youtube
channel alright so that interview sense
I want to say thank you so much - mommy
/ for the support and guess what summer
split which means it's summer at least
if you're in this part of the world and
you know it's so cool you can go out you
can go to the beach we can hang out you
can do a barbecue you can play
traditional sports you can do whatever
you want but you shouldn't do that
alright don't do that just watch my
interviews watch all of them put them on
a playlist watch them on repeat go watch
my old content on this channel just
don't do anything except for watch these
interviews make sure you subscribe so
you can do that alright none of this
summer